gt,

i vote we make a real impact inside and out. that we live this experience as a company as well. if we experiience it, then our customers will because it will be authentice.
i'm going to send you a book idea. it's going to be released 2017. it's going to comprise these slides and content that will be written during 2016. the content will be weekly blog posts - 50 in all that will fill the copy of this book. the best part is I will write those posts for you.

we're going to publish our turnaround experience and it's going to get us great press and additional funding.

----

2015-10-23

About me:
Currently, I'm on the marketing platform but I'm formally trained with a Masters in Finance, 17 years of sales & marketing experience, including 3 turnarounds, founding 2 companies and now realize that Art Director was my favorite past job.

---

My failures
gave me time
to learn some
very dry lessons
In the wilderness

----

gt,
I took to heart what you said about building experience marketplaces and converted it into diagrams and charts.
This is uncharted terrority in the tech space with a profitable and diversified revenue model.

This is 30 pages of eye candy. I think it would be great to get 3 - 5 pages from your top 10 people. for them to be transparent about what they are doing toward these tasks. in doing so, we'd easy hit a 150 page book, which would make for a great little book like 'who moved my cheese.'

--------



sunday email;

gt -

What I'm going to send you is so big that it needs a preliminary email to set expectations...

We are in a tight spot right now and the current course is not enough to turn the tide. We need to make some drastic changes to inspire the company, public, and future funding. The forthcoming plan communicates both internally and externally what we're going to do to make LivingSocial great again!

This plan is an audit of what this company is capable of but we need you to lead us there.



---

team essays

I've also included something of a culture document that David Bock and I have been working on through brownbags, lightning talks, and training sessions. It's a culture idea to let co workers know each other in long form. Something interesting about yourself. I think it would validate the project if the first essay came from you. Would you be willing to answer this question in 800 - 1000 words:

Question:
where were the best lessons you learned at your time at EBAY that you think we would benefit from?

--------



I wrote a brief snippet that could be one of those such sections.

Titled: The Internet is here to stay.

The Internet is here to stay
I spent 17 years in the apparel industry working nearly every job including: graphic designer, sales rep, account management, art director, and owning two companies.

In 2007 I discovered basecamp. It's simplicity, effectiveness, and business model fascinated me. It was the first web app that made me realize the web did not die when the dot com bubble burst. The Internet was here to stay.

HTML is the New English
I like describe the web as a new country called InternetLand. Consider how difficult it is for people who don't know English in America. In InternetLand, HTML is the new English. I wanted to join that new economy without being bound to a translator because there is more opportunity in InternetLand than in America.

So, in 2012 I sold my t-shirt company and dove in head-first to become a full stack web developer. My specific focus is Angular, Rails, and Middleman (I call it the ARM stack). I work full time at LivingSocial. I spend my free time coding side projects, raising my sons, and trying to be the husband my wonderful wife deserves.

---

'just give me my coffee' is talk from a hostile customer.
'crossantwich' southwest air style, is how you can talk to a happy customer.
what do you do that makes customer's happy?

people like working and dealing with happy people. even when i buy something.
I'd rather have the peron handing me coffee be happy than dull and rude back.

---

Hey Maria,

We've had the chance to get to know one another so I know you are familiar with my business background.

I've attached my letter to GT (95% done) to discuss during our meeting on Monday. This document is not an attempt for me to stop programming, but to add greater importance to the project we're working on by demonstrating it's potential.

I've cc'd McDave & Kim since we're in this together :-D

---

# total package
- ebook
- team essays
- cover letter

----



Some of the best emails to receive are the new co-worker introductions because they give us a glimpse of that person that we do not regularly see. I'm curious if anyone else agrees with this premise and / or proposal. The working title is 'Team essays' and they are just like the 'intro email' except the ‘new job’ part. Here's a boiler plate example. What if we did 5 essays a month in this format from anyone who wants to share?

*EXAMPLE*
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/13563632/team_essays_1_draft.pdf


